docs: update some Snowpack references to Vite (#2035)
withastro/astro: docs/reference/api-reference.md

## `import.meta`

> All ESM modules include a `import.meta` property. Astro adds `import.meta.env` through [Vite](https://www.vitejs.dev/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All ESM modules include a `import.meta` property. Astro adds `import.meta.env` through [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/env-and-mode.html).
```
